# Mask R-CNN Documentation

## Data

### Kidney Raw Data

This work utilized a dataset of human kidney whole slide images provided by the HuBMAP Consortium, which is now available at [the HuBMAP Data Portal](https://portal.hubmapconsortium.org/search?origin_sample.mapped_organ[0]=Kidney%20%28Left%29&origin_sample.mapped_organ[1]=Kidney%20%28Right%29&group_name[0]=Vanderbilt%20TMC&entity_type[0]=Dataset). The raw kidney image data was generated by the BIOmolecular Multimodal Imaging Center (BIOMIC) at Vanderbilt University. (See [BIOMIC's page](https://medschool.vanderbilt.edu/biomic/) for more information.) This dataset is composed of 13 samples, each with multiple images that correspond to different microscopy types. All samples include PAS stain images, and many include imaging mass spectrometry as well. In addition, this dataset provides information on where the sample was positioned within the kidney and whether it was taken from a left or right kidney, which is vital information for the HuBMAP objective.

[Kidney Raw Data](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14aLxPR9LlzdWXPomAX1moqL0UnRm_RbW?usp=sharing)

### Manual Annotation Data

From these 13 samples, a subset of six PAS  stain images were used to generate the ML training dataset. This glomeruli detection training dataset of manually generated glomeruli annotations was created by four users who marked areas corresponding to glomeruli on the six images. All users performed their annotations on laptops that included Windows 10 OS, a trackpad, and 1920x1080 screen resolution. Half of the users made annotations with the software QuPath and its brush tool, while the other half utilized ImageJ with its oval tool. 

***double check this***
[Manual Glomeruli Annotation Data - Accessible to IU Users Only](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1YdOvkIWyWBOc-zSxClC1kVwST8YxVKXc?usp=sharing)

### Data Preprocessing

## Algorithm

## Workflow

## Results
